Web Serial API - consistency updates (#44153)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/serialport/connect_event/index.md

A generic {{domxref("Event")}}.

## Description

> More specifically, the `connect` event fires when the port becomes **logically connected** to the device after a user grants permission for a site to access the port following a {{domxref("Serial.requestPort()")}} call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More specifically, the `connect` event fires when the port becomes **logically connected** to the device.
This happens after a user grants permission for a site to access the port that the device is attached to, following a {{domxref("Serial.requestPort()")}} call:
```

The sentence felt a bit long

- In the case of a wired serial port, this occurs when the port is physically connected to the device, for example via USB.
- In the case of a wireless serial port (for example, Bluetooth RFCOMM), this occurs when the port makes one or more active connections to the device (for example via Bluetooth L2CAP channels).

### Bubbling

> This event bubbles to the instance of {{domxref("Serial")}} that returned this interface. The `event.target` property refers to the {{domxref('SerialPort')}} object that bubbles up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event bubbles up to the {{domxref("Serial")}} instance that returned this interface.
The `event.target` property refers to the {{domxref("SerialPort")}} object that bubbles up.
```
